Sec. TPR-210. Newton Corner Parking District. 

(a) There shall be a neighborhood parking district established in accordance with the Newton revised ordinance section 
19-202 known as the Newton Corner parking district, which shall be operated in accordance with the terms of this 
section. 

(b) A vehicle properly displaying a Newton Corner parking district permit issued in accordance with this section shall 

be exempt from the parking restrictions set out in section TPR-176. 

(c) The following streets or sections of streets compose the geographic boundary of the Newton Corner parking district: 

Playstead Road 

Ricker Road 

Ricker Terrace 

Tremont Street 

Washington Street (Hibbard Road to Boston City Line) 

Waverley Avenue (Tremont Street to Washington Street) 

Whittemore Road 

(d) The public streets and private ways listed in Section TPR-210(c) shall have one of the following restrictions in place: 

(1) No parking any time. 

(2) Two-hour limit, 8:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m., except by Newton Corner Permit. 

(e) The maximum number of Newton Corner parking district permits issued to a resident shall be limited to two (2) per 

dwelling unit. 

(f) Residents living in housing units on streets or street segments included in section TPR-210(c) which do not allow 
for parking at any time, or which are on average less than 20 feet in width, may obtain Newton Corner parking 
district permits and visitor permits as provided under this section for another street listed in Section TPR-210(c). 

(g) The maximum number of Newton Corner parking district permits issued to a non-resident shall be as follows: 

(1) Up to two (2) on Playstead Road. 

(2) Up to one (2) on Ricker Road. 

(3) Up to one (1) on Ricker Terrace. 

(4) Up to eight (8) on Tremont Street. 

(5) Up to four (4) on Washington Street. 

(6) Up to one (1) on Waverley Avenue. 

(h) Regardless of street address or driveway location, residents living in housing units on streets or street segments 
included in section TPR-210(c) which abut more than one street included in section TPR-210(c) and which allow 
parking by Newton Corner parking permit may choose which of the abutting streets upon which the Newton Corner 
resident parking permits and/or visitor parking permits shall be valid. (TPR-513, 10-24-19) 

(TPR-697, 11-12-20) 
