Sec. TPR-211. Charlesbank Area Parking District.   

(a) There shall be a neighborhood parking district established in accordance with the Newton revised ordinance  
section 19-202 known as the Charlesbank Area parking district, which shall be operated in accordance with the 
terms of this section.  

(b) A vehicle properly displaying a Charlesbank Area parking district permit issued in accordance with this section 

shall be exempt from the parking restrictions set out in section TPR-176.  

(c) The following streets or sections of streets compose the geographic boundary of the  

Charlesbank Area parking district:  

Charlesbank Road (St. James Street to Centre Street) 
Jefferson Street 
Nonantum Place 
Russell Road (Newton Corner) 
Orchard Street 
William Street (Newton Corner) 

§ Sec. TPR-212 

§ Sec. TPR-220 

(d) The public streets and private ways listed in Section TPR-211(c) shall have one of the following restrictions in 

place: 

(1) No parking any time. 

(2) No Parking 9:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m., including Saturdays, except by Charlesbank Area Permit. 

(3) No restriction.  

(4) Metered parking zone. 

(e) The maximum number of Charlesbank Area parking district permits issued to a resident shall be limited to two 

(2) per dwelling unit. 

(f) Residents living in housing units on streets or street segments included in section TPR-211(c) which do not allow 
for parking at any time, or which are on average less than 20 feet in width, may obtain Charlesbank Area parking 
district permits and visitor permits as provided under this section for another street listed in Section TPR-211(c). 

(g) Regardless of street address or driveway location, residents living in housing units on streets or street segments 
included in section TPR-211(c) which abut more than one street included in section TPR-211(c) and which allow 
parking  by  Charlesbank  Area  parking  permit  may  choose  which  of  the  abutting  streets  upon  which  the 
Charlesbank Area parking permits and/or visitor parking permits shall be valid. 

(TPR-951, 10/17/24) 

Sec. TPR-212—TPR-218. Reserved. 
